there is not much left of Gaza salifa
hospital with widespread destruction
everywhere and now accusations of
heinous war crimes are
emerging among the hundreds of reported
dead decomposing bodies have been found
in the compound after Israel's 2E Siege
Witnesses say civilians were targeted
indiscriminately the most agonizing
moment is when the Israeli soldiers shot
dead civilian men before our own eyes
some were shot dead others were buried
alive in ditches most of the dead bodies
were bulldozed and buried by the
Israelis I saw many young men handcuffed
and blindfolded thrown in a ditch and
buried with sand we witnessed it all it
happened before our own
eyes in and around the medical facility
the stench of death is
heavy burned bodies covered in sand an
apparent attempt Witnesses say to bury
any evidence along with the
dead I have personally witnessed victims
handcuffed blindfolded and buried in the
hospital yard in the emergency unit we
found dozens of dead bodies all of them
were handcuffed with their hands behind
their backs these are utter war crimes
they are unprecedented we have never
seen anything like this in any other War
makeshift Graves have become a common
sight here Israeli forces reported open
fire on patients and medical staff
during The
Siege the situation was Indescribable we
found people against a wall covered in
blood their bodies had been left for
days all their bodies had signs of
decomposition thank God we were able to
bury them despite their
state human rights groups are calling on
the international criminal court to take
action it's quite disgraceful that until
this very moment the
prosecutor of the international criminal
court still drags his his feet and not
issuing arrest warrants it's important
to mention the reason that we have uh
such disregard of international law and
human uh life in the Gaza Strip is the
impunity that Israel has enjoyed and its
military has enjoyed for for decades
Israel said its operations at alifa
compound were carried out while
preventing harm to civilians but
Witnesses have described the opposite
under snipers and Israeli tanks we
evacuated we came back hoping to find my
belongings I have nothing left my house
was bombed and everything is gone not
too long ago the alifa hospital compound
was a refuge for displaced Palestinians
now it's part of a wider investigation
into Israeli war crimes in Gaza Kya lope
oan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from from
Al jazer